pirate_code.md, before:

# Pirate code

I.    The Captain and Quartermaster to receive two shares of a prize.
      The First-mate to receive one share of a prize.

II.   Every man has equal title to the fresh provisions, or strong liquors,
      and may use them at pleasure, unless a scarcity makes it necessary, for
      the good of all, to vote a retrenchment.

III.  The lights and candles to be put out at eight o'clock at night: if any
      of the crew, after that hour still remained inclined for drinking, they
      were to do it on the open deck.

IV.   He that shall be guilty of drunkenness in time of engagement shall suffer
      what punishment the Captain and majority of the company shall think fit.

V.    He that shall have the misfortune to lose a limb in time of engagement,
      shall have the sum of six hundred pieces of Eight, and remain aboard as
      long as he shall think fit.

VI.   No person to game at cards or dice for money.

VII.  No firing of guns in the hold.

VIII. Commits shall be given meaningful commit messages at all times.

IX.   New developments shall be carried-out on feature branches, never on the
      main branch of the project.

X.    Any man deserting the ship in battle or rewriting history on the
      project's main branch shall be marooned with one bottle of powder,
      one bottle of water, one small arm and one shot.

**Instructions to sign the pirate code:**

* Replace `NAME HERE` with your name on the line matching your rank in the team.
* **IMPORTANT:** only sign for yourself, not for others.
* **Note to the First mate:** make sure you revise article I of the pirate code
  above, so you get your fair share of the prize!

Captain      : NAME HERE
Quartermaster: Eric Ulrich
First mate   : Eric Ulrich

Commit message:

first mate changed contract to get equal share of the price

pirate_code.md, after:

# Pirate code

I.    Each member receives an equal share of a prize.

II.   Every man has equal title to the fresh provisions, or strong liquors,
      and may use them at pleasure, unless a scarcity makes it necessary, for
      the good of all, to vote a retrenchment.

III.  The lights and candles to be put out at eight o'clock at night: if any
      of the crew, after that hour still remained inclined for drinking, they
      were to do it on the open deck.

IV.   He that shall be guilty of drunkenness in time of engagement shall suffer
      what punishment the Captain and majority of the company shall think fit.

V.    He that shall have the misfortune to lose a limb in time of engagement,
      shall have the sum of six hundred pieces of Eight, and remain aboard as
      long as he shall think fit.

VI.   No person to game at cards or dice for money.

VII.  No firing of guns in the hold.

VIII. Commits shall be given meaningful commit messages at all times.

IX.   New developments shall be carried-out on feature branches, never on the
      main branch of the project.

X.    Any man deserting the ship in battle or rewriting history on the
      project's main branch shall be marooned with one bottle of powder,
      one bottle of water, one small arm and one shot.

**Instructions to sign the pirate code:**

* Replace `NAME HERE` with your name on the line matching your rank in the team.
* **IMPORTANT:** only sign for yourself, not for others.
* **Note to the First mate:** make sure you revise article I of the pirate code
  above, so you get your fair share of the prize!

Captain      : NAME HERE
Quartermaster: Eric Ulrich
First mate   : Eric Ulrich
